Misc slide updates (#16)
Cambridge-ICCS/FTorch-workshop: slides/ftorch_workshop_slides.qmd

::: {.column width="50%"}
#### Slides and Materials

> <!-- TODO: Update link to slides -->
> 
> To access links or follow on your own device these slides can be found at:
> [jackatkinson.net/slides](https://jackatkinson.net/slides)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- TODO: Update link to slides -->

To access links or follow on your own device these slides can be found at:
[cambridge-iccs.github.io/FTorch-workshop](https://cambridge-iccs.github.io/FTorch-workshop)
```
